Not. She goes, and Pand do say a second is total.
Look at that being enlarged. Getting is eligible. I think
Say, and we could. No, no, no.
No, put it. Yes, no, it's
, yeah, but 7 day in in Lafayette.
So.
Be in when to make when they make, when they make
To me, Hey.
Hi
Leo.
Sativa vessel L. Who webes? Yeah.
Hi, then Ddd, I can. Yeah. Hi, lemon.
Thank you.
Oh, that's address! No.
Separate kubernetes, like classicarian
No, no.
Kenya, Nica
No Kamalisa, Mediana is super super super important?
Okay, can't break, taken total look and no say earlier.
I love. I logo
A Alan Lesson
Many.
Yobell King, and project to not any machinery.
19, yeah, and most material important. No.
One thing when you don't a
See Ali better thing in winter. Again a sector interrogate
See by don't know
Hi, Lido, okay, double again. Does this zoom
See, and then
See. No, I need to get that's autoradicate. That's it.
The mail. Look at the case, superja
What's the regulating type
Yeah, important day. And this data. But it would be necessary here.
See, Magell Coolers, Minneapolis, C.
Yeah, see I that could you
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, no.
Lasagna
No, no, no, can inquire K. Externally different.
The format implementation. Now for my
Both yep, in the endoilean it's a ciao to project to a common background or promote dedicate image and a Co.
Ca-cola
Oh, I know
Yeah.
And
Yeah. Portland, yeah, Todo is unauthor
Give me a banto Kamuna Kafka Kamuna manuscript is located.
So, Alexis no support it, and not Buffalo.
Come on setting, you know.
And then, and notice in Portland. There's an extra 2 that see.
Oh, he don't intending would be Lisa.
Komo via the last classes, even Muslim men of commercial enterprise.
Caesar, and necessary? No, no part of the comment.
You want to leave them, but you don't
And if they're
They!
Wall is son Laprapia. See hey, Gomer, boy!
A. I used to continue notice.
Unimportant. They came in, but they say, super super super super important, that I am
And then at these 3 weed alien. I don't know like, let's say, both up on top of the leg.
Ina, so there's almost add these 3 with element. Those is like, let's say you nickel and I'm gonna call you could.
Africa is more and more eliminated
Yeah.
I Willam up to me, located and reset.
See, it's the mail locomotive yeah, that most more you put in cemetery.
See.
Keselonia keshe
They don't keep passing Portuguese that lady you're gonna say, I'll elevate.
Okay it's a limit to me. And does this, just yeah.
And no, not so. You can go
They angel? No, no, they can just pick in your beginning.
Oh, my!
Is it? Is it a manufacturers in Nandal?
And no Gamba. I dunno. Yeah.
And those are obviously
Elder.
It's a big celestial
Okay? And then the end. Okay, Pixel is some.
Pixel is
A, okay, that's when you have a year later.
So Nakisha gay Sundr led us out that post.
So like in the see
What you can see for default.
Alright!
One size, phone size, one size. Keta Kepra pad.
No, so there's automatic coming in the Quadrant so there's no AIM of the see.
No, so there's is the Manu for the full della depot.
Alamos. They want to me. They port default.
See a Latvia. Yes, yeah, it's functional.
Hello! Oh, no, he, I can't relate to one person. Taffy
A.
40. Okay, is super important. And then they're linked.
So then go alright. Thank you. No, hey?
No chalay, or why not? Thank you when you, Maggie.
No say, I got
Alright!
Yeah. Any yet.
Give me a
She should just say, No, I
Simple Cinto dell content in Thor, or say
It's a sixxion, maybe lcm, 4 C.
And D, it's show I timeline
Yes, wees metal, Kupano, Lcm.
Portion, total container he is. Let me get out. Santiago.
See? How would it see? Is same man
See, Kamosa, said Ramos, up in satellite
You show Dendro. They set Dangoni, Matthew one to me.
Yeah. Time. Nothing.
See a container or
Hold on. Yeah, is a
Lcn. There's your chamber since the end.
And does this
Con L. A. What I can below I see
Okay.
See, there you go, may you even see what the B C.
And Diane, do I say container or shooting when you map in
Hey? You!
Oh, my container! Me missing Quinta for Santa
Yup!
4 cent packets Jane, as you get that identity size.
No.
I get that attentive cone. See, Sentendia is zoom
See how you centennial? Yeah, it.
Yeah. Alan Kistan Kelsey
It'll be a board page, and oh, no, no!
The book. Yes, it see! See how you must send the like hour.
And does this Phi, and think it sure thing.
Go on a notebook. He tango on teleris, or mantelis, or Moni Doral of Pandasha Planner.
He had no indulgence back home.
They on the Halloween
Independent, they, they! They! They don't
See? A yeah, just dynamic. Yeah, is, it is a person that is a pupil.
Basser, El Nemo Independent.
But I nope it up. Okay, if you say no.
The name was like your section. Anka
See, but no, some way. So then, that Pixel can be a part one
On dainty, appetite or maintenance. 7 by DC.
In a hero. Section, certainty, single
You poor, hey? See, Bupur, they altogether
Well, yeah.
It does this can't say gate. How that like, my son?
Like here. Section we are Coupa, whose title location is the Sito
See, but I can total viewpoint. See? In terms of italerimos he can say, Gate, Samantha, and main thing.
Yellow agenda. See
Send them as a ministers Muslim practicers are comprehended.
See, Akasi, Triamos, Orlando.
They 4 cm see the viewpoint. See one of the they'll
No one has sent me to my yeah.
Depending, dependent. Appendix. , yeah.
Tantal seambre. See
No, I by the pandemic. By when they're they're looking also
But I am, but I don't
See.
It does this balance
See. Sorry to open up entrepreneurs.
See.
Yeah, Kamala, Kate, I need a manifest
But I mean
No, that's important. Not I mean to know at how many.
Yeah, and not so address. The name was a different. This formats against Ramos only I have an idiot.
Yeah, no. So there is be most like Las Vegas located like class demon located Los Angeles but it's like you is to see.
I say so. Look at the
Yeah. Set quadrant support on the personal logarithmos. See?
, no, so there's number out those last classes see on numerous Los Angeles.
Hi
See what a hand below, Thomas Alanda, like you are, section like you're see.
But I can be the name
Yeah. Hello. Yes.
Tamil case. Gaza. Reference. Yeah. Kemp, at that, and don't allow us in decade. It's a classic contendal allowed.
Are you almost
What I guess you like glass, Galeria, Italian.
At last. I think if you don't, and dances
Calorie. Yes, though, is camel, case, kemakis, as a referendum.
How you done
Yeah. See? Como, yeah.
Now, Larry, yeah. Perl, see?
And dances, Hi! I'm on each. Okay? 80 sashama coming.
Oh, see? Yeah.
Notice that we hi mail mail case E.
Yeah, but make case. And does this 10 animals camel case case like a Hello.
See? And does it. Okay.
They they they love Mandala
Montreal not common plan, implement, Dharma Shu Ka Santra, and they came up.
Case, and they hey, I said, those so elementary.
Look here, see, as in Theintosh as in Theinto
Eli implementing consists 10 dimensions to project.
See.
And those as Laias. Okay, record the most.
Yes, that format
It's like them. And but you, Madam inukula e ci different than the Paladin's ibahundo, called Lahoro thing.
Yeah. Oh, that exit! He is metal here, Mint, let me tell you.
My name is Nila, Massachusetts, a volcano Session.
Mutual. App exactly. That's dumbium hey?
Bundles up a little bit in exact class
Bent. Lucky no sashula is Kate, I?
've as a
And boy, almost unemployment. Tandon of January .
He, and
Oh, you're almost ben singing if he got what's
Basala. Elapropia is the element doing with you, Ben?
What it can be. Gomer function. But most happens.
No, so does the name of Saddam. But I looked up.
No, I said, and dances
No, Saudi Arabia, it
You know backup not see comment.
Yep. Yes.
The ambassador.
Soup, Taylor for? Oh, yeah, to that I must say that
Yes, combination of can I look this Yumba
That the ambassador, Emmaking.
But again. Hello!
Yeah, yes. What a loop does that is hit them
May be too low. See? Yes, the podium said
Last got bottom. See in those that they don't have format.
As I see
Is S is a through two-dimensional. What I can
See? Then I was scary. Mapping card, title, card description, a car button can.
I must card for one element does say parallel, a Anna, Sarah, Kate, I'll momenta show this.
I'm a shadow, a sepi like, I said.
They look Ontario, Cemetery, heckon cong camel case. See?
You can communicate.
See. So I look around at you. The classes get reminiscent and
BA meet me me, but as I see on no
We and Maria
Hey, Andrew! Myo!
See? No, but it's not. See Ethan vocal, and this is Saudi Arabia.
See as he gay. Come on, team.
The Taliban. That's okay. You say, Mariana Tamil, Niagara last year, 2 years, getting a last classes so like us.
Id esmodi. Open it, you know
Yeah, this is, perisha.
Amina. Oh.
Yep, perfect. Bamos, and don't, says say, you don't forget to call locate and login login or Cnn.
Yeah.
There's a linear element, those end. See? Bye?
No.
Keeper, default, Sonnellenia or Portugal, one .
Sarah.
How awful! Yeah, so you don't quit the momentum.
Is that 10 years? And then last thing
No.
That's in then you're gonna know.
Oh, I love t Bamos fokida!
I did that, and don't says and like
So like you just get independent. There's some menu see?
But I guess we have
But you can pass. That is in La Yale is
Oh, I see the lemon during the pandemic one.
Do Copa, mamma Cooper
Oh, no! For Kemper, the car! I will know it to the lamenters.
Son, Eddie get us? They look it does a Cm.
Bra my honor Opal, Lcm, maybe they it's segmented location in the Cm.
Portions. And the with eccentricity. He is sector, and the is so.
Hey! Look at me! It does. Is it's on my better meeting gate.
See? Yeah, so elementors where they get us.
And Linux so let's get us and locate equally as well as it think it doesn't.
Linear Lama, Sharia, the less Eddie get that, you know.
So.
Alright
Deep, Sdkata semantica. You have logic here.
I had to get that, hey? That again. Main food that section
Elastic, no, T.
Can you get us? No Sunday blocking no, said Leslie.
No, son, they're looking imachinees. No, son, they're for malarios.
I tell. And to get that a input is a linear noise of looking
T. Are you? That is Pita in Portland, master the sales see, but I guess I don't need it after he's a kit element.
Doesn't need a Mac. Hello! If Pam cannot never waste, the is a element to Lydia or sap, but Kuttala is system. Yeah.
Tambian is only element. Ellenia area is an element.
The if you guys say, element does devil look article aside the for them, I'd say, Oh, no, I can let you say here, la main nap lita organella.
Oh yes!
Alright Hi! I'm
They are mostly Kaka. People and most visualiser.
Almost away. El projector, Basic, one of Pixel and Mimietta Vandash.
See? Eton? Yep.
Oh, okay. I am on each other
La! And hey! Hey! Look at fancy!
Elastic.
Hello! They get up, Ellenia, if he's no kubernetes
Yeah, yeah. Yes, you, Billy Imahan is solo. Okay?
Mealie makin. Yeah, this is a salary, for instance.
Yeah, all that.
You element, Adelaide, this is safe recording.
Killa prepare! Is it the 100 per meeting mode?
If you cartoon. Oh, Yamas!
You know I said, la format corridor
Hey? Don't! Echo Epata, that!
Listen, Forkito and Frankie, that they've located in Lavara in Arizona segregation
Well, it movie yet. Yeah, I don't think, la is that you can't have.
Look at Cvn. Let it get that. They'll locate.
A day. Not so. Then I was hit. It
But I think that I say like, oh, Minneapolis, recording them, requiring me
No, this is adamante. Heather nap. Well, it elite.
See that was Kevin. Not? Well, la, yeah.
See? Yeah, but it'll be that display.
I am in India, in line below.
That is sent in sentinel, I think. Whoa!
No south side is bad, and those is okay. Last, lemme doesn't blogess when you come in there.
Look, and Sc. Time of cello can be real. Continue pastoral Kupar, me only come in day.
La palerita
See alright, almost
Is the show, the play below? But again, I don't
Meeting. Come on me. Yes, I say, Camille.
Delinquent
See team, San Diego
They can. Yeah.
And yeah, I see gay E volumes and Dsmino data.
See? So I'm
Yep.
Hey Sylvie.
No parallel life, you see the elementor, comic comment, telecommunication. So conflicts, books, ecommerce.
See a company, commanded Thomas Monkey Candle. The loss, the Las Vegas, same
Yeah, no, no. After referencing.
And yeah, see, I don't. I stomach
I don't know. I this is vant marijuana, and the flex works for Kaca Toddos.
I am most fortunate and if that's us, some of team, flexible how's he getting that?
The Aminoitos Thomas break, i. Eve
Take care!
So.
You.
Goes to
Break the show a good
Trying to
Not trying to be just. Try to be days. Tell me how to can you feel as windy?
Can you feel it through
Know inside this room
Touch.
See the Sun censorship.
Me!
We were shot like a joke. So do your Z. We'll roll down the record
Can you feel
Be little.
Saw this room.
Since you were
See.
To see.
Me!
You.
So.
Love to you.
You love you on the
Give love to your body.
So.
And radio right. And I
Here. My God, it's right, and I and I won't belong to
So baby Betty.
God's own man.
Was long ill, so
Already Saturday
Hills on a Saturday, and I won't
You will be better
Runs in line.
Fans in the mind
Don't know
As long as I can feel
So many.
The most downloads. Tamar
Emma, not Demo, Amelia. No, when we might get the depot, buying as boy as takeobe and debug
Hey, Daniel, zoom, phone right? 3 min. I
Right have been to like zoom
Well, this have a show where
Chatamas, no extraordinary candle looks running mass
Yeah. Seek up. It don't
Guess what I'm doing like Hannah
Goodbye. They made us
It's get any Portuguese full.
What can also this Kerry Mouse? Canada is of
Oh! That! Bamos and dragon love conceptors! And they marching either by okay, he's margin.
Eka is
I'm gay
And I don't have that. No, no, yeah.
Bamosa. Imakinar knows I that
I'm honesty will keep this. It's good.
It's yeah. You might see them on those.
And by most
No plan, bat, note, or in customer, that they, the the nameos, see, I'll say, that got yeah, yeah, we'll see that.
Yeah, important merging. Get lobeamos on no lobby.
Common sense, one Ada.
Board, the basic command is soon Alania. On boarding.
Get it that amino acid. See, Lalinia, that I mean it's like a and so there is still at the Yamok capacity.
Cl phone, number Api, Ss and Castro, and is, see that look enormous.
Oh, that margin! Perdam! Yes, matching mercy! Bendria!
Sip, Alice, plus you entry element. Those commerce is so valuable.
Oh, Maggie!
Entrepreneurs komosis bye, they'll birthday Asia, for that announces margin is
E.
But and they'll both day Asia.
You should have Bliko Marshi I, the Lamento Caesar area
Sent the end there
Margin is. See what I said as
Is, say so. They'll board they pass your intrigue, called Denilis, in Sierra Kandari Pass.
Send in there, so send India.
Marjin Lomarka
Oh, muscle marking pass. You can also address the name of Yeah.
Poco, or peculiar commerce. No way.
I'm away from elementary show us, Sip Badada.
Santiago.
Add a K simple.com. What's your book? I pendel log again, as I said, or
Depending and in love laos and locket. Go and see them
Okay. He took my time, and Dandel mensa.
He put a pretty well. What if that
A and does it. They, the board of the Asia, Florida, excel, matching auditory.
Oh, yeah. Why not see? Then?
I was on desktop Akatamian.
Eden, almost phone, textile.
I'm
Thanks. Tom.
See.
Okay, Bill. Ada. No. Yes. Sunday.
What do they ask? Yeah, for it? I see they'll and those is Elpa.
In case area. Csmos margin and Hi in Gesadia.
They'll birthday Asia vendor, see, is a list.
Pass you in 3. See . So no, absolutely I mean, the total is not a okay.
And toances
I'm
See, here's Aka. No.
See, and doesn't know. So that's the Demos .
Oh, boy, I'm Sepada, Illinois.
They love borders almost. There's so Larry
Yes.
I, I, I, but I can't.
Blow.
Got it, let's say paramos, hey?
And continueo dell a laca
Precipitous see, but I mean
And guess it was. See, by the emerging evaluation in importante no suedilisa parallel 3.
We relevant those better should listen in total asylum
Can I say that hand? Do I pass?
You see the handwriting pass you all of cocktails.
The element, say parandallo, then element.
It's impressive, and Hey, but I can actually insent the end.
There. Ccc is that but a victory? Hey?
Yeah, yeah, well, yeah, Bamos are an current on second coil.
See? Unas the parasion, entry element. See, those are the that's boom, Pokito.
See Para, Canada marking entrepreneurs by galaxy
Madison. Marianne Existence Maria the name of my machine.
I see. I say, Gus, you can pass and see
See? Video, good password.
I call your corporate handler. Yeah, Pixel is my automobile.
Wait!
Okay. Mayor to man. Thanks.
See, no, so howdy must.
No paramos in La Mamos are, so that Ankita Ksl. Martin, if we can think it gate, I think that most those
Yes, see?
Tandy, Adam. But at those 41.
Okay, desk. Pacific. Calca.
A lot of telander more side.
Good see bar depot!
How are youa? See the data? Alaska?
Kadi, yeah. Pig sales.
Then it's a thing that kings the pixel is, hey?
E alicia danga, the bonnie see?
Yeah.
Hey!
Go back and week. Yeah, so attendant the end of the day.
Yes, any end, and that's the tennis data for by Tamosa Clarando for Sapada.
See, and if they go to Ccv. Laurel.
And I was matching up
National left
Matching, bottom
Right? Yeah, you pull.
See and not at them. But I can get passen.
Hey! See see no second
M, Hi, and then the end of single big sense.
The FBI service kings a big seeing one that pixel is no matter. Set a molarity, for instance, yet depending on
Ladder peculiar. It doesn't know me, I said.
I will tell you finance.
Hello! Mancata! Dopray won. I am. We want.
I'm also cause this. But oh, yeah, Bamos.
Vm. Pretty man almost to shake, while in less than
Plato, Caro.
Hi eva hero
No okay. So here, that main section app, no Malays, Simon.
Oh, he did!
It doesn't. Bl, okay, Sita, it's a zoom locking the end thing.
It doesn't say, Yeah, hero, a lesson. See? I lost it.
The Chicago. I don't know, Hero. I'm
And and does this
He wrote, see? No one's name. See in the dollars?
No Korea most see not a Santa Monica
I guess that you okay, see, as you get Cbra Basser, super super preferential movieian, takes the correction as a most text declaration.
No Lepreima Kolar, see? But I can see.
How long, Kita? Both alright, I thought.
See.
Like that, he almost said, love black
Nobody. Oh, yeah. Left it with those. So we have kick.
And fond of black. See.
Bombarding bamboo, and this is a couple of more Saturday
Yeah, Pixel, but I'll be in Salada
Yeah. Bummer single pixel is.
E yeah.
Give me an
The name of biologist .
Team
You ago. Daniel? MOS vl color.
They were they Connecticut. So Bamos app they see
Okay, a bit of a bit of it. Give me a sec on my own.
So this you can say, Tamosa, C. E. What Amos
Hey? Is? What are they?
Hello, Robert, how you are! I mean chaos.
Hey, Fernando on buttons Sita Shalerimos, a barrier cell.
Get back.
Bottom day. Big items.
No, by this Logan is
But I guess so. This epica says that
Akati, Jamando, I'll elastic at time for a hero.
Yeah.
Nintendo library. Leave them, and yet see Shannon, Tisha, Mandela, Al Parafo enter a hero. See?
So they play. But I could get, yes, adding an apparatus but I don't know.
Kirk Praise
Thank you.
The Audra formers in applicant, and thousands
Eternal, Index, let's see the entrepreneurial.
In my business. Yeah, you does.
That is hey? And the man
Almost like almost
Komoshua say Macken
Traffic targets, phone container yes, I must.
Deep email, E and Bamasa Singapore
That's interesting when the pixel is you? Okay?
Hmm, just interesting when topics steep
If he has like, see nobody
See melee bolia
Person packet for the percent packet. Same
Have them.
Transientos.
By Atlanta. I think
Team as you get by myself. I'm yeah. Yeah. And yeah, yep, the column of K.
Ld. Is located
Hello! Keep it up. The AD apple and nemo skin of a are you like Canada is boarding
See e. But most publicly solid.
Is they locate more than anything else. So no bonus is normal.
See.
Yeprikamos Albert Alde, now no awesome
A Toller container? Or is Yale as mechanisms? The Southern polymers, as in Northern Tamania?
Hey, Aaron Kanda! On with your hanging! And then the end of gate, like mathematical
Yeah, hey? See, the Demos came here when the pixel is decade, like Mac and Solar
And
Send the end there. It's a little
List them any yet. Yep. And does this see
What are the most? No, no, no, I can't almost I'm a delay dressing one that Pixel left.
Items, same pixel that is in Glenda.
Yep. Oh, yeah. See, you forget some way pay us.
Kamala, Martha, King
Nail north. Fine. That makes sense. Yeah, I am
For the see.
And what is that?
Excellent way in thanks. A line center. Hi, vamos.
Yeah. Bamos and dances, Alerton Sito, commercial armors and Latin.
Sita, and then lasting
I want you to like the lesson
Hello!
Deep app yesterday's let me none.
No any minute.
No, yeah. And I think us
If he is like, come again
Hey? Me! Is that big is so that
Don't we fail?
Hey, Tawanita! See, this is Chat, the name one that I hit die can
Mama's, the for the full sample.
Okay I Kelly Minton
Alright! Have it a bit
Yeah. Tango. The name of threed.
Let's deep, some local, linear.
Okay, in line, block
Yeah.
He did.
Dean, their momenta
Okay, , just a lot of position. Get animals, get it.
But hand below I oh, yeah.
Be in, and
I think I I think no, as some background image
You like an
But no, no good
As you get, but
Hey, go, man! So there's comment Thomas. A bonus.
Yes, that. Yeah. Does this bubble set up
Face it. And yeah, add a motion
Better than that position, acting one of them see?
Leave them and fix it absolute bottom, right?
He left. Did you get it yesterday? ? So then he Passover, eleventh, or element of okay, it does this, for example.
Hey! How are youa? Nope!
One the famous adopt set of Z, or say, our does a fee and say, Okay, show that Colonel
You mission.
Thank you. Get out. That's up a little while.
See, I thought they had
Hey? Don't they almost have party? Okay, yeah. Okay. Oh, that I mean, the name was El Position.
Fixing.
On Monday. Whatsapp. Get a minute, but on the only mapping.
Yes, Timaken Basser, I must say yeah.
The I am sorry. Okay, awesome.
See? Yeah.
See later at most, Bamos Areidaka. He almost as Shamar as a classic.
It's like a scholarly brick of position, fix and eternal as a Parisian.
See and top bottom, right or left. The pendulum and then they don't poke it on us like Portansia is the bottom, right, left top.
See outdoor master man! Oh, my
Here it go. And those are something. Okay.
If you need. Yeah, they're right.
It doesn't say in the new Poketo or castle bottom, right and top.
Yeah, left Santa Monica. That right Mama Sabraad, Isaac, you know, ie.
You have bottom one Hi, Thomas
If you can see all that, if them fix it.
Yeah. May have cosine Pamos, Pamos
And Whoa! Whoa!
It doesn't feel secure. See? And fixing
Is September, see?
Plus I got it.
It's a show. Wait.
Alright. Okay. Yeah. See?
By that time Samba. Or you'll got it, and you take us to the fixed set earlier. You are for Tiki.
It's a fixed point, almost fee. Handle.
See that, see
Yeah, position, relativity, absolute key position, relatively absolute.
Looking at one up permitted. See? Okay, so is more important than the same bread.
And I know a and Quint, that login operator is a him almost so many posts.
But I must avoid a position that it takes to somebody see so.
Como, background.
A, and almost say you said
Oh, I know! Stretch it! They made see?
Then Iuna lura! After momenta
No team, no tomatoes
Okay, like that. Benefit
Seelie a l heaven
Yeah, but see, but I said, it's okay.
And then, right think, yeah.
Dollars. I don't team
I understand. Well.
Almost mamasanka. Yeah, Thomas Valley here.
The Imahan, and it take us in particular, in the formal.
You hate
There, hey? Yeah. Oh, I love the rooms. See?
Perfect, echo, passester a calendar.
Okay. One city at L. M.
Anything. So l container, can. I was Alding.
Daler. Yeah, they yes, I'm not.
Position, Dreladi also positioned relative back App.
Canada. Good thing. Got on up then.
Through basic convenience it doesn't book it a complete call.
Galeria.
Yeah. Yeah. Anything. Got deep composition?
Absolutely. E. Aka levy. Go, don't see.
Aldehyde? Is your name and if the container in Kaluga, Karia, Linda, Alaka, and
Don't to the app bottom
You don't know how you get it.
Team
Middle Line.
Have I have it, bye, Barry, single pixel list!
I, Thomas Kodrkosapuriamosa cell for Yamasa.
They had loom, background, color, no see, negative
Hey? Man, Lcm. Portionanta
See.
, that's important.
Thank you. Peeking
Alright did it take Dd.
We we did. We did. We did. We did. We? Okay?
Hmm, hmm, and then, yeah, the budget today is
And what matters
I got, you know, a book sicing border works my most.
I can add it, or, yeah, they're in the pixels
Santa Monica, you let a Yale march in the center of intent
Yeah.
See me. Yes, in they're in. The pixel is quantum mammia.
Hey!
Oh, no, no! I it's not menu.
It's the end thing. See? Yep, my main thing
Seeing.
Let me ask you, no. Enthusiasm.
See is this in the end? Name?
Yeah, yeah, I think new merging, is it? Margin?
Savannah, corporal type, manual element, U.S.A.
Moore, I love the show. They clinic.
Yes or no, I company, and then no Portuguese bombers
See! Oh.
Okay. Let me stop.
Okay, no. So just as enormous elbox is important.
I can't, but I just see San Diego does this independently demand this?
Yes.
See, for example, Bamala Silica Santoi, the parent editor, see she's like they are seeing them, though they get the company, or Mimi.
It. See? Cnn
See Emma.
Or chain.
Yeah.
But I get the number. No say complicated.
See what they want for the season.
In the pandemic
See and dances. It's a zoom, it's not look.
It didn't get to that one
Case, the municipality
See parachute, hey?
Is, sect them in it. Does this book slicing, Pasta said, super important see, you know.
And Gwendolyn. Hello, and Lucy and
Okay. Yeah. Okay.
I,
Yup! Bye
I said, look at a mutual Mac Tampa, San Diego, a book sizing border books.
See, can yet
And yet I will give like. Look at password, lita
As we get like
So those just elementors they'll project, see? Like, let's say, give me a list solution
I don't want to shed in India they can set Inosetta again, though.
No, they can dip a particular portfolio
I actually.
Like when they get into the desktop. That's why I think no problem
Chose.